Intro chapter
- Introduces players to the world
	- The ancient gods ruled the world for thousands of years protecting their people from monsters and otherworldy creatures as long as their people were at peace with each other, to achieve this the gods had husks that they would control when they needed to fight these monsters as they had no physical forms. Because of this each husk had remnants of divine power in them so they wouldn't fall to the ages. For a long time there was peace but peace always comes to an end. As time wore on each races ruler craved more and more power to prove their race was superior and deserved to rule all the other races. Since the ancient gods only protected the people from otherworldly influences and creatures the inhabitants of the world barely saw them in action as it would take a lot of strength for the gods to defend the world. One day there was a meteorite large enough the cause mass extinction headed to the planet, as it entered the atmosphere the gods decided they would destroy it this time as they tended to not interfere with the natural elements and have seen countless eras of people gone extinct. Seeing the husks of the gods destroy this meteorite the rulers of the race realized the power they wanted to achieve is obtainable. The rulers gathered and decided that they wanted to destory the husks and obtain the power for themselves and chose they would find where the husks rest and wait till they return from wherever they go to destroy them and obtain the power for themselves. When the husks returned the gods realized too late what was happening as they left the husks to regain their power they were destroyed and each ruler gained an aspect of divinity.
		- after the rulers destroyed the husks and gained divinity they returned to their respective nation with their newfound powers and declared alliances and war between the other nations. Seeing the betrayal the ancients decided they would rest and seek revenge in the future for the betrayal of their trust. This led to the new pantheon consisting of the rulers of each race as time went on they gained more power and ascended into the divine realms to rule over everything and leaving their nations to their descendants.
	- Players characters were all born on the same day and were blessed by the ancient gods of the world and are identified by a mark associated with the god.
		- Describe the type of day they are born in as the intro
		- Prophesied by the ancient gods that one day their heralds would return to get revenge on the "corrupt" new gods
	- These ancient gods have long been forgotten by the majority of the world with the exception of the inhabitants of a remote island dedicated to the ancients.
		- Very few members only a couple live on the island the rest are out in the world earning money and fund the orphanage on the island.
	- Cycle through each player giving a extremely brief explanation of their:
		- Race, Name, and what they imagine their parents would have been like and where the mark is on their body and what it looks like
			- (since they are taken as newborns this is something the players characters would have imagined up, the dm can decide on the specifics of each players parents if its something desired by players to have incorporated into the story)
	- Where they are taken / grow up is a lush island mainly consisting of a vibrant forest surrounding a tall mountain riddled with caves. Center of the island is a rustic large building with plenty of space around it for activities. This is the house that the players grow up in. 
	- They have a modest lively hood, they learn basic math, the only languages they know is common and the ancient language. They are not taught about the current pantheon only the old pantheon
		- (because of this they are going to automatically fail any history check they make unless it is learned during their adventure, even then it will probably be with disadvantage if they don't have it written down)
	- When they reach the age of 10 they start to show signs of power from the gods that blessed/marked them. 
		- (The powers they learn will be up to the players imagination, however they should decide on if they are going to have a melee or ranged combat style as it will dictate how their powers manifest)
			- (example: god of craft if they are melee their powers might manifest more as swords and shields, vs ranged being crossbows, bows, slings etc)
	- Players will then roleplay a while determinig how their powers first manifest and give a better sense of their who their characters are, their attitudes towards the other players characters, a small glimpse of their alignment etc


Chapter 1
- Time skipping forward about 6 years, the players characters will have developed 2 powers one being a cantrip type power and the other being a lvl 1 strength ability (depending on how they want their powers to manifest it could be spell / aura / summon / enhanced attack etc )
	- players will chose what type of weapon they are proficient with as they will have trained with that weapon in the 6 years time skip
	- Players will have mock duels to get a feel for their characters and playstyle and to see their teams playstyle as well
- Players will have a feast thrown for them by their caretaker who is their parent figure since they grew up without their actual parents
	- The players will have known that they were special because of their marks on their bodies and the strange powers they have come into and trained. They will also have been taught about the prophecy that the ancients god made determing those baring their marks will be tasked with ending the greedy gods who stole their power and have used it to make the world a space of war and greed. The characters care taker will explain to the players that their training is now complete with the tournament being the final part of it. Congratulting them all for doing a good job the caretaker will inform the players about the new god pantheon and where their heralds are and how that once defeating each of their heralds will force the gods to confront them in person. With each nation they go to they will be treated as villains as the prophecy is know to the current pantheon and they will do anything they can to stay in power so unless they want to rush in they will have to be subtle. The caretaker will also inform them that the power of any gods heralds is based on their followers. Since every nation follows their respective herald they aren't going to be easy to fight. 
- If the players ask questions about what the caretaker knows about the world is up to the dm, but they will not be knowledgeable about anything in the world that has happened in the past 30 years as they have been preparing for the arrival of the players and raising them.
	- They can draw the players a detailless map of the world that shows which nation supports which god, but they will not know how big the following is or the exact location of anything 
		- (Depending on desired length of campaign you can add more or subtract nations as wars will have been happening since the new pantheon began so races could be wiped out or converted to another god)
- 